static/snippets/running-this-project.md, before:

---
title: running-this-project
description: 'CLI commands to run this project locally using Scully'
published: true
date: 2021-05-30T00:00:00.000Z
slugs:
  - running-this-project
tags:
  - ops
snippet: true
---

Running this project requires 1 "pre" step, and then fully running the "scully" build requires 2 extra commands.

**building the static files for bradtaniguchi**

```bash
npm run build:static
```

**starting the Angular build process**

```bash
npm run build -- --watch
```

```bash
npm run scully -- --watch
```

**note** it is also recommended to run `npm run clean` **before** any of this, to prevent any extra cached files from being used.

At this point 2 servers should be running, the main client, and the static client. Here are the localhost urls available:

angular - http://localhost:4200

scully - http://localhost:4201

**note** running this project in github codespaces will result in the client not automatically reloading. To fix this use:

```bash
npm run start -- --host=0.0.0.0 --disable-host-check
```

Commit message:

Update testing logic
- added 1 passable test, will add more later

Closes #41

static/snippets/running-this-project.md, after:

---
title: running-this-project
description: 'CLI commands to run this project locally using Scully'
published: true
date: 2021-05-30T00:00:00.000Z
slugs:
  - running-this-project
tags:
  - ops
snippet: true
---

Running this project requires 1 "pre" step, and then fully running the "scully" build requires 2 extra commands.

## building the static files for bradtaniguchi

```bash
npm run build:static
```

## starting the Angular build process

```bash
npm run build -- --watch
```

```bash
npm run scully -- --watch
```

**note** it is also recommended to run `npm run clean` **before** any of this, to prevent any extra cached files from being used.

At this point 2 servers should be running, the main client, and the static client. Here are the localhost urls available:

angular - http://localhost:4200

scully - http://localhost:4201

**note** running this project in github codespaces will result in the client not automatically reloading. To fix this use:

```bash
npm run start -- --host=0.0.0.0 --disable-host-check
```

## running e2e testing in codespaces

```bash
nm run e2e -- --project=client-e2e --headless
```

**note** this may change in the future to support scully builds instead.
